does everybody have a cookie
i loved edith more than life
edward you are my fresh air
i wish i was here to protect you
so what are your friends carnies bunny i
wonder when you get here i dragged the
new kid up to have some fun with us
where are we going it's an old tradition
going somewhere i'm sorry old hag you
are lucky my husband is not here he
would shoot you
now get out
[Music]
hello christopher i'm giving you a
choice
i'm sorry to hear about your wife she
included you
all in her will i don't want anything of
hers not even a hundred thousand dollars
a hundred thousand dollars
there's a phone upstairs
with a number next to it you call it
you stay on the phone for one minute
[Music]
then the money will be yours in the
morning who are we calling
my wife she had me bury a phone with her
going somewhere
she wants to talk to you where are you
when i made the call it was like i was
transported
we're all gonna suffer
get on the phone
devastating
vengeance
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you